Hahahahaha
The four guardians of my Sword Immortal Palace have arrived
You are dead.
I said no matter who comes today, you have to die
If they're like your old dog
right and wrong score
I broke up with them
What a big breath
Sword Immortal Sword
Fight the world
Except for the ten miles that the ancestor suppressed the world
These four guardians also contributed greatly
Even if the magic weapon is in your hands
They are not their opponents.
Your sister-in-law is dead
He actually provoked the people who used the Guard Hall
That's right, no matter how good he is, what can he do?
Is he more powerful than the four great guardians?
That is.
Li Hang, go away
Urgently ill adult, I am not our fault
Yeah, kid.
Run for your life like a dog
That might be enough to catch your breath for a day
otherwise
You back now
It's so wet.
Old thing, you still dare to threaten at this time
It's also sold for real.
Cut you to pieces
You dare, if you die
The family will come down from the sky to accompany them
See if I dare
Right here.
Can't kill me.
Even if the emperor comes, he can't save you
Stay under the moon